\prhead{Z01}{Central services}

\notocsubsection{\pipl}
\begin{giprenv}
  \input{projects/Stark}
\end{giprenv}
\gicolsep
\begin{giprenv}
  \input{projects/Baratheon}
\end{giprenv}

\notocsubsection{\prsum}

The central project will co-ordinate the research activities and
administrative tasks of \thiscrc, including event management,
reporting, and bookkeeping, as well as communication with the German
Research Foundation and the participating institutions.

\thiscrc{} will host two-day yearly retreats for all PIs, post-docs,
doctoral students, and student assistants and also two-day yearly
meetings in Bettenburg (at \ABRA{} or \ABRB{}). In addition to
administrative and organizational issues which will be discussed at
the meetings, we will present and discuss the results of the projects,
explore possible futher cooperations between projects, and hear
presentations by the doctoral students. There will be room for
informal discussions on all levels.

We will also have dedicated meetings for different topics such as data
collection and analysis, modeling register phenomena, or the specifics
of certain types of variation. These meetings will mostly take place
in Bettenburg; in addition we will apply for possible
workshops/sub-meetings at suitable conferences in order to discuss our
findings with others and be inspired by the research of our colleagues
outside the CRC.

All members of \thiscrc{} will be encouraged to present their work at
conferences and publish widely in excellent journals. The Great
Graduate School offers courses in Academic Writing which can be
visited by the doctoral students and post-docs. \PPs{Z01} will also
offer assistance with publications.

The spokespersons of \thiscrc{} will also be in charge of project
\PPs{Z01}.  They will represent the CRC in negotiations with the
\ABRA{} and \ABRB, as well as at university and
public events. Together with the administrative staff, they will
organize and lead the plenary meetings of the CRC, coordinate the
research activities and, together with the other board members, be
responsible for controlling the quality of research in the CRC.

In addition to the positions which are described below, two student
assistant positions will be situated within \PPs{Z01}, which we
describe here as no funding is being requested for them as part of the
CRC application.  One student assistant will help with the
organization of the guest lecture series, CRC workshops, and travel of
the members of the CRC.  The student assistant will be employed for 10
h/week and the position will be financed through core support of the
Institute of This and That. Another student assistant will take care
of the IT infrastructure of the CRC projects (in close collaboration
with the INF project). They will be employed for 10 h/week and the
position will be financed through core support of the Institute of
Here and There.

\notocsubsection{\funds}

\notocsubsubsection{Funds requested for staff}
\label{Z01staff}

In addition to the three Mercator fellows (see Section
\ref{sec:funding} above), we request funding for two positions housed
within Z01:
\begin{itemize}
\item One 50\% E13 for scientific coordination of the CRC
  
\item One 50\% E8 secretary.
\end{itemize}

We apply for replacement funds for one semester each for the two
spokespersons (Lüdeling, Alexiadou) and the university spokesperson of
the MGK (Waltereit).

\notocsubsubsection{Funds requested for direct costs}

We apply for travel money for researchers in the CRC, as detailed in
Table~\ref{tab:reqfund} in Section~\ref{sec:funding}.
 
We also apply for funds to cover the costs for travel, accommodation,
and honoraria of the invited speakers of the CRC’s guest lecture
series and of smaller CRC workshops and of other guests working with
\thiscrc{} and its projects.

\notocsubsubsection{Requested Global Funds}

For equal opportunities, we envisage co-financing places in Kitas for
children of CRC collaborators and funding to ensure child care in
cases of emergency (if the Kita is closed, or if a child is ill and
cannot attend the Kita) or in cases of events that take place in the
evening, as well as during the retreats and whole-group meetings. In
addition, we also plan to support further training for young
researchers, with a focus on --- but not limited to --- women and
researchers from under-represented groups such as for example first-
and second generation immigrants or researchers with disabilities.  We
will also specifically encourage young researchers from
under-represented groups to apply become PIs in the second phase of
the CRC. In order to help them prepare for this we will set aside a
part of the equal-opportunities-fund to finance research and
conference trips as well as student assistants. 
